app/vmauth: align request body buffering flags (#10677)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: introduce `vm_filestream_fsync_duration_seconds_total` and `vm_filestream_fsync_calls_total` metrics, which can be used for detecting slow storage if it cannot keep up with the current data ingestion rate. See [#10432](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10432). Thanks to @mehrdadbn9 for the contribution.
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmctl/): add dedicated `thanos` mode for [migrating data from Thanos](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmctl/thanos/). This mode supports both raw and downsampled Thanos blocks, including all aggregate types (count, sum, min, max, counter). Each aggregate is imported as a separate metric with resolution and aggregate type suffixes (e.g., `metric_name:5m:count`). The new mode uses `--thanos-*` prefixed flags: `--thanos-snapshot`, `--thanos-concurrency`, `--thanos-filter-time-start`, `--thanos-filter-time-end`, `--thanos-filter-label`, `--thanos-filter-label-value`, and `--thanos-aggr-types`. See [#9262](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9262).

> * BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): align request body buffering flags - `maxRequestBodySizeToRetry` and `requestBufferSize` to the same `16KB` value. And decouple buffering and request retry logic. See [#10675](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10675)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): align request body buffering flags - `maxRequestBodySizeToRetry` and `requestBufferSize` to the same `16KB` value. Allow disabling request buffering by setting `requestBufferSize=0`. See [#10675](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10675)
```
